Like we said at the end of the last video we now need to take the movie that these are just selected
and show some details about it right here.
There's just one or two things to be aware of.
First off I want to remind you that the open DVR API that we're using has those two different endpoints
that we're making use of right now we've got some results come back from the biased search method right
here and that only gives us some very limited pieces of information about every movie.
So when a user selects an actual movie that means that we need to do a follow up request to the API
and we need to then attempt to fetch that movie by I.D. once we do the request by I.D. that's going
to give us a very much expanded set of information about this particular movie that's going to give
us stuff like the critic ratings and the box office take.
And the plot summary and so on.
So in other words once a user clicks on the movie and we detect it right here we need to make a follow
up request get some more information and then use that to update some content on the screen we could
definitely add all that code right here inside of our event listener.
So we can add in a ton of code and say okay do another request get data render data and so on.
But I bet you could very quickly imagine that that's going to be a fair bit of code this file the index
not just file that we're working on already has a lot of code inside of it and it's all kind of a hodgepodge
of different stuff right now.
And so if we start to add in all this additional code directly into this event listener Well this file
is going to get even more challenging to read and understand.
So instead of tucking all that logic in right there I think that we should make some other helper function
inside this file maybe something called like on movie select or something and inside of that helper
function we can make sure that we attempt to do all that extra logic do the x request render that additional
content onto the screen.
So I'm going to imagine that we're going to define a another helper function side this file called on
movie select and I'm going to call that with the movie that the user just clicked on it's now let's
go define this helper function and we can put all that additional logic inside their going to go down
to the bottom of the file and going to define on movie select it's going to be called with some movie
object.
And right now let's just do a console log.
Now I'm sure I don't need to prove to you that we're going to call this function successfully like hey
that's definitely going to work.
I don't have any reason to suspect it won't work.
The reason I just want to do a console log right here is to just remind you some of the properties that
we currently have access to and the properties that we're going to need to make the followup request
to our API and get that additional amount of data.
So let's save this.
I'm going to go back over I will refresh all once again do the Avengers click on it and I see that console
log.
So again I just want to remind you that inside of the current data set that we have right here about
this one very particular movie we've got that property called I Am D.B. I.D. It knows how ideas capital
for both letters.
So that is the idea that we're going to use to make our follow up request to the API.
We're going to do the follow up request.
We're going to pass that I.D. in as a parameter called I.
And that is what is going to give us all that additional data about the movie.
So inside of here I'm going to make this into an async function so we can then go ahead and use the
await syntax and axioms to make our follow up request so I will write out const response is a wait Acciona
dot get I'm going to go back up to the top of the file.
And get the your l from the first request you made up here it's going to get that you are all right
there just to save myself a little bit of typing and you know what I'm gonna go ahead and copy the entire
axioms get function because we need that programs and the API key as well.
So I'm going to copy all that stuff.
I'm gonna go back down to the bottom and put it in like so then inside of here.
We just need to make sure that we update the parameter object rather than passing along a pram of S
which is what is used for doing a search.
We instead want to do an individual lookup so like we just saw we need to provide a parameter of that
letter.
And that is going to be the movie I am DV I.D. so I'll put an I and we want that value to come from
the movie that we just selected that I am DV capital I capital D So then after that we'll do a quick
console log of the data so a response dot data like so yeah.
So let's try this out again.
Just make sure we still have the data we expect it's I'll do a search for the Avengers I'll click on
it and there we go.
We do the follow up request and get all that additional data about this particular movie.
Well now that we've got all the data we can now start to think about taking that information and rendering
it out.
So we're going to essentially just have to write out a lot of each CML to build up this kind of structure
right here.
So as you probably would guess quick pause and we'll start to write that stuff out in the next video.